## Actions
First, let’s define some actions.

*Actions* are payloads of information that send data from your application to your store. They are the only source of information for the store. You send them to the store using store.dispatch().

*Actions* 是从应用到store发送的数据，也是发给store数据的唯一途径。发送的话要使用store.dispatch()方法。

Here’s an example action which represents adding a new todo item:

以下是添加一项todo的Action示例：

```JavaScript
const ADD_TODO = 'ADD_TODO'
```

```JavaScript
{
  type: ADD_TODO,
  text: 'Build my first Redux app'
}
```

Actions are plain JavaScript objects. Actions must have a type property that indicates the type of action being performed. Types should typically be defined as string constants. Once your app is large enough, you may want to move them into a separate module.

Actions其实就是一般的JavaScript对象。Actions必须包含一个type属性来标明这个action的类型。类型一般用字符串常量表示。随着应用变得更大更复杂，你可以把类型的定义放在独立的模块中。

```JavaScript
import { ADD_TODO, REMOVE_TODO } from '../actionTypes'
```

Note on Boilerplate
You don’t have to define action type constants in a separate file, or even to define them at all. For a small project, it might be easier to just use string literals for action types. However, there are some benefits to explicitly declaring constants in larger codebases. Read Reducing Boilerplate for more practical tips on keeping your codebase clean.  
Other than type, the structure of an action object is really up to you. If you’re interested, check out Flux Standard Action for recommendations on how actions could be constructed.

We’ll add one more action type to describe a user ticking off a todo as completed. We refer to a particular todo by index because we store them in an array. In a real app, it is wiser to generate a unique ID every time something new is created.

```JavaScript
{
  type: COMPLETE_TODO,
  index: 5
}
```

It’s a good idea to pass as little data in each action as possible. For example, it’s better to pass index than the whole todo object.

Finally, we’ll add one more action type for changing the currently visible todos.

```JavaScript
{
  type: SET_VISIBILITY_FILTER,
  filter: SHOW_COMPLETED
}
```

## Action Creators

Action creators are exactly that — functions that create actions. It's easy to conflate the terms “action” and “action creator,” so do your best to use the proper term.

Action creator 其实就是创建action的方法（函数）。action和action creator经常一起出现，用的时候要走心。

In traditional Flux implementations, action creators often trigger a dispatch when invoked, like so:

一般在Flux的实现中，action creator经常会在调用时触发dispatch，就像这样：

```JavaScript
function addTodoWithDispatch(text) {
  const action = {
    type: ADD_TODO,
    text
  }
  dispatch(action)
}
```

By contrast, in Redux action creators simply return an action:

相比之下，在Redux里action creator就只返回个action而已：

```JavaScript
function addTodo(text) {
  return {
    type: ADD_TODO,
    text
  }
}
```

This makes them more portable and easier to test. To actually initiate a dispatch, pass the result to the dispatch() function:

这就使得action creator 更便于移植和测试。如果真想发起dispatch，就把action creator 的返回值作为参数调用dispatch()方法：

```JavaScript
dispatch(addTodo(text))
dispatch(completeTodo(index))
```

Alternatively, you can create a bound action creator that automatically dispatches:

另外，你也可以写成绑定好的action creator 从而自动发起dispatch：

```JavaScript
const boundAddTodo = (text) => dispatch(addTodo(text))
const boundCompleteTodo = (index) => dispatch(completeTodo(index))
```

Now you’ll be able to call them directly:

然后你就可以直接调用了：

```JavaScript
boundAddTodo(text)
boundCompleteTodo(index)
```

The dispatch() function can be accessed directly from the store as store.dispatch(), but more likely you'll access it using a helper like react-redux's connect(). You can use bindActionCreators() to automatically bind many action creators to a dispatch() function.

要调用dispatch()方法的话，首先你可以直接在store中使用store.dispatch()调用。不过一般还是使用react-redux的connect()这类helper方法来调用。bindActionCreators()方法可以用来自动把很多action creator绑定到一个dispatch()方法中。

## Source Code

### actions.js

```JavaScript
/*
 * action types
 */

export const ADD_TODO = 'ADD_TODO'
export const COMPLETE_TODO = 'COMPLETE_TODO'
export const SET_VISIBILITY_FILTER = 'SET_VISIBILITY_FILTER'

/*
 * other constants
 */

export const VisibilityFilters = {
  SHOW_ALL: 'SHOW_ALL',
  SHOW_COMPLETED: 'SHOW_COMPLETED',
  SHOW_ACTIVE: 'SHOW_ACTIVE'
}

/*
 * action creators
 */

export function addTodo(text) {
  return { type: ADD_TODO, text }
}

export function completeTodo(index) {
  return { type: COMPLETE_TODO, index }
}

export function setVisibilityFilter(filter) {
  return { type: SET_VISIBILITY_FILTER, filter }
}
```

## Next Steps

Now let’s define some reducers to specify how the state updates when you dispatch these actions!

Note for Advanced Users

If you’re already familiar with the basic concepts and have previously completed this tutorial, don’t forget to check out async actions in the advanced tutorial to learn how to handle AJAX responses and compose action creators into async control flow.
